Property of Inventiva
Advancing Lanifibranor:
Potential Best-in-Disease 
Oral Therapy for MASH
A DIFFERENTIATED ORAL ANTIFIBROTIC CANDIDATE DESIGNED TO ADDRESS 
PROGRESSIVE FIBROSIS IN F2/F3 MASH
J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference 2026

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Disclaimer
This presentation contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this
presentation are forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s clinical trials, including the design, duration, timing, costs and results thereof and regulatory
matters with respect thereto, the information, insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials, the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor, the potential of lanifibranor to address patient needs, including expectations regarding
lanifibranor’s efficacy and safety profile, market forecasts including with respect to products developed by other companies, estimates of addressable markets, including the growing demand and urgency for MASH treatments, targeted
development, potential regulatory submission, approval and commercialization, including their anticipated timelines, Inventiva’s pipeline and clinical development plans, the opportunity for lanifibranor based on the current clinical program, future
activities, expectations, plans, growth and prospects of Inventiva, forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s estimated cash runway, the potential exercise of warrants and pre-funded warrants, including the securities issued in
connection with Inventiva’s multi-tranche equity financing announced on October 14, 2024 (the “Structured Financing”), the anticipated repayment of the loan facility with the European Investment Bank (“EIB”), and Inventiva’s ability to raise
additional funds. Certain of these statements, forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as, without limitation, “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”,
“might”, “should”, “designed”, “hopefully”, “target”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “possible”, “aim”, and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-
looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future
results, performance, or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees
with respect to product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline, that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated, that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals, or that
any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline, or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by such statements, forecasts and estimates due to a number of factors, including that Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction, including the ultimate impact on the
results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto, that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues, Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception,
Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales, Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations, in the absence of which, Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail, delay
or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern, Inventiva’s ability to obtain
financing and to enter into potential transactions or further arrangements with its creditors and the impacts therefrom, Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development, regulatory approval and subsequent
commercialization of current and any future product candidates, preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and
its partners’ product candidate claims, Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require holds and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials, Inventiva’s expectations with
respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application, Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond
expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities, the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies, enrollment and retention of
patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control, Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse
drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, or limit their commercial potential, Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business, and preclinical studies and clinical
development programs and timelines, Inventiva’s financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by changes in law and regulations, unfavorable conditions in its industry, geopolitical events, such as the
war in Ukraine and related sanctions, impacts and potential impacts on the initiation, enrollment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the conflict in the Middle East and the related risk of a
larger conflict, health epidemics, and macroeconomic conditions, including developments in international trade policies, global inflation, financial and credit market fluctuations, tariffs and other trade barriers, political turmoil and natural
catastrophes, uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties, no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements, forecasts, and estimates.
Furthermore, forward-looking statements, forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this presentation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.
Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 15, 2025, and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 15, 2025, for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva, including those described under the caption “Risk Factors”, and in future filings with the SEC. Other risks and
uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this presentation is as of the
date of the release. Except as required by law, Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently, Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising
from the use of any of the above statements. This presentation includes information and statements of third parties. Inventiva does not make any representation with respect to the accuracy or otherwise with respect to such third party
information.
This presentation shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities or an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification of such securities under the securities law of any such jurisdiction.
2

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Addressing Remaining 
Unmet Medical Needs 
in MASH
Advancing a differentiated oral antifibrotic as a potential new 
treatment option for patients with MASH
3

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Structured to deliver topline results expected 
in H2 2026 and prepare for potential launch 
Moving Towards Approval & Launch of Lanifibranor
• Phase 3 trial fully enrolled, patient population mirrors successful Phase 2b
• Topline data expected in second half of 2026
• Regulatory filings expected in 2027, potential commercial launch in 2028 if approved
Robust Financial Position
• Successful follow-on financing in November 2025
• $172M raised from top-tier investors (existing and new)(1)
• Cash runway until the middle of Q3 2027 assuming full exercise of 3rd tranche(2)
Extensive Medical, Regulatory and Commercial Experience
• Andrew Obenshain, MBA, CEO (formerly BlueBird Bio)
• Jason Campagna, MD, PhD, Chief Medical Officer, Head of R&D
• Martine Zimmermann, PharmD, EVP, Regulatory Affairs and Quality
• Nazira Amra, MD, MBA Chief Commercial Strategy Officer 
Clinical momentum, financial backing and strong leadership
Poised to Potentially 
Capture Significant 
Value in a Multi-Billion 
Dollar MASH Market
4
(1) Gross proceeds. (2) The third tranche of up to €116 million would consist of potential proceeds from the exercise of warrants for ordinary shares, at the discretion of investors, following the potential publication of positive results in NATiV3 by no 
later than June 15, 2027. This estimate is based on the Company's current business plan and excludes any potential milestones  payable to or by the Company, any additional expenditures related to other product candidates or resulting from the 
potential in licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies, or any associated development the Com pany may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect, and the Company may 
end up using its resources sooner than anticipated. 

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Addressing a growing urgency for MASH 
treatments
Medical and scientific understanding of the disease has undergone 
significant recent changes
5
MASH is not a single-
pathway disease.
Durable impact requires 
liver-targeted activity 
across metabolic, 
inflammatory and 
fibrotic drivers. 
Clin Mol Hepatol. 2025 Feb;31(Suppl):S32- S50
Journal of Diabetes and its Complications, Volume 39, Issue 10, 2025,
MASH is a cardiometabolic disease: 
Not just a liver disease; part of a “cardiometabolic continuum”
Systemic risk in patients: Highly associated with comorbidities; over 
60% of patients with MASH and advanced fibrosis have T2D, increasing 
their risk of major adverse liver outcomes
>60%
Cirrhosis (F4) now understood as a dynamic process: Cirrhosis isn’t 
just scar tissue; but a combination of structural fibrosis and altered hepatic 
physiology
MASH is a chronic, progressive disease and the no. 1 cause of liver-
related death.


Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Underdiagnosed and undertreated, with 
rapidly expanding commercial validation
Early uptake signals demand, not disease resolution — creating a potential 
multi-billion-dollar opportunity for lanifibranor
6
Clinical need and market are expanding: Strong and growing demand 
for more potent liver directed oral therapies such as lanifibranor that lead 
to improvement in fibrosis 
MASH market expected to 
exceed $15 billion by 2035.
 The only other oral drug 
approved has already reached 
approximately 
$1 billion in sales since its 
launch in April 2024.
Inventiva is well-positioned to 
potentially bring 
the best-in-disease oral drug 
to patients 
with progressive fibrotic MASH.
Only ~1.9 million diagnosed with MASH in U.S in 2025, representing 
~ 10% of the patients with MASH. 
+25% compared to the 2024 estimate.
~910k patients have clinically actionable F2/F3 disease, 374k of them 
are under treater care (~40%).
+20% of patients under treated care compared to the 2024 estimate.
Estes. 2018; Lui et al 2022,  Prevalence taken from 2018 and conservative growth adjustments applied; 2) Analysis conducted by Forian using CHRONOS
  ©2025 Forian Inc. and its licensors. All Rights Reserved.
Based on based on recent industry market research forecasts.
Madrigal Pharmaceuticals Third-Quarter 2025 Financial Results 

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Different mechanisms address different stages of fibrotic MASH
Priority patient segment at time of anticipated lanifibranor launch, if approved, based on KOL feedback
Lanifibranor is designed to play a key role in several high-unmet-need MASH patient segments
7
Source: KOL Interviews; Inventiva Analysis based on Phase 3 and Phase 2b results and safety profiles, as well as route of administration. 
FGF21s most likely used in advanced patients due to 
GI side effects, bone density reduction, and injectable 
administration
GLP-1s are modestly effective on fibrosis, but key 
backbone therapy for patients with obesity and T2D 
with cardiometabolic benefits, MASH specific Rx 
primarily anticipated in early stage
THR-β agonists have modest efficacy, best suited 
for early-stage patients
Pan-PPAR agonists have a strong antifibrotic 
effect and insulin sensitivity profile, and 
manageable adverse events
PROGRESSIONF1 F2 F3 F4
Cirrhotic
MASH
(~25%) (~27%) (~30%)
INCRETINSLIVER-DIRECTED THERAPIES
Fibrotic
MASH
GLP-1
THR-β
FGF21
Pan-PPAR
DECOMPENSATED

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Balanced pan-PPAR 
Designed to Address 
the Biology of MASH
A new chemical entity engineered to deliver coordinated 
metabolic, anti-inflammatory and antifibrotic effects
8

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Rational pan-PPAR design informed by 
decades of biology
Lanifibranor: Low-potency, balanced PPAR-α/δ/γ activation designed to 
avoid receptor dominance PPARs (peroxisome proliferator-
activated receptors) enable 
coordinated modulation of the 
metabolic, inflammatory, and fibrotic 
pathways at the core of MASH.
9
PPARγ
PPARα
PPARβ/
δ
Master Regulators of Nutrient 
and Energy Metabolism
• Lanifibranor has been designed at the physiologic sweet spot for broad and 
best-in-class efficacy, clean and durable safety profile.
• Engineered to maximize therapeutic benefit without transcriptional overload or high-
potency risks.
Cofactor Recruitment Comparison
Lanifibranor
Rosiglitazone
First-in-class new 
chemical entity.
 Distinct from fibrates and 
thiazolidinediones (TZDs).
Balanced and low 
potency across all three 
isoforms.
Engineered to mirror the 
safe potency range of 
pioglitazone and avoid the 
high γ-potency of 
rosiglitazone (~ 20x higher).
Balanced PPAR isoforms 
engagement.
 Avoid dominance of a single 
receptor and delivers 
coordinated metabolic, 
inflammatory, and antifibrotic 
activity.
Differentiated co-
activator fingerprint.
Enable metabolic, anti-
inflammatory, and 
antifibrotic benefits.
1st

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Striking the PPAR Balance
10
Steatosis (abnormal fat buildup)
PPARγ
      Fatty acid uptake
      Fatty acid breakdown (catabolism)
      Fat creation (lipogenesis)
Inflammation and ballooning
PPARγ, PPARα, PPARδ
      NFkB-dependent gene activation
      Inflammasome
      Ballooning
Fibrosis
PPARγ, PPARα
      Stellate cell proliferation and activation
      Collagen and fibronectin production
Vascular
PPARγ, PPARδ
      Portal pressure
      LSEC capillarization
      Intrahepatic vascular resistance
LIVER
WHOLE BODY
Metabolism
PPARγ, PPARα, PPARδ
      Insulin sensitivity
      HDL-C
      Triglycerides

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Clinical 
Milestones
Phase 2b NATIVE trial showed compelling data;
Phase 3 underway, with topline results expected in H2 2026
11

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
NATIVE Phase 2b trial results support antifibrotic activity 
with broader metabolic impact
Within 24 weeks, lanifibranor improved fibrosis and key metabolic markers.
Histologic improvement observed alongside favorable cardiometabolic markers at 24 weeks
12
effect size on 
improvement in fibrosis 
with no worsening of 
MASH versus placebo. 
effect size on the dual 
endpoint of 
fibrosis improvement 
and MASH resolution.
Improved 
cardiometabolic, 
glycemic, and metabolic 
markers.


Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
lanifibranor, 800 mg once daily
lanifibranor, 1200 mg once daily
Placebo
Phase 2b NATIVE trial design
Once-daily oral dosing; two doses, 800mg and 1200mg
Main Inclusion Criteria:
 Patients with biopsy-proven 
MASH confirmed to have 
Steatosis-Activity-Fibrosis 
(SAF) scores of 1-3 for 
steatosis, 3-4 for activity, and 
<4 for fibrosis.
13
End of treatment 
Liver biopsy
Screening
Liver biopsy
24-week treatment + 4-week follow-up
Double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled ITT: 247 patients
1:1:1 randomization 
Stratification on type 2 diabetes
A Randomized, Controlled Trial of the Pan-PPAR Agonist Lanifibranor in NASH, N Engl J Med 2021;385:1547-1558
100
80
60
40
20
0
NUMBER OF PATIENTS
DISEASE STAGE
F1 F2 F3
64
82
101

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Statistically significant results on key Phase 3 
FDA and EMA primary endpoints
14
Fibrosis improvement ≥ 1 stage with no 
worsening of MASH (N=247)
Resolution of MASH with no worsening 
of fibrosis (N=247)
Resolution of MASH and improvement 
of fibrosis(1) (N=247)
Placebo 800 mg 1200 mg
7% 21% 31%
lanifibranor
(1) ) Resolution of MASH and improvement of fibrosis at week 24: NAS -I = 0 or 1, NAS-B = 0 and an improvement of NAS-F ≥ 1 stage
Phase 3 
primary 
endpoint
14% 
effect size*
24%
effect size*
<0.001*0.017*
24% 28% 42%
19% 33% 45%
0.011*0.53
<0.001*<0.043*
18%
effect size
14%
effect size
26%
effect size
Significant fibrosis improvement versus placebo at only 24 weeks

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Statistically significant results on key Phase 3 
FDA and EMA primary endpoints
15
Fibrosis improvement ≥ 1 stage with no 
worsening of MASH (N=247)
Resolution of MASH with no worsening 
of fibrosis (N=247)
Resolution of MASH and improvement 
of fibrosis(1) (N=247)
Resolution of MASH and improvement 
of fibrosis(1) in F2 / F3 patients (N=188)
Resolution of MASH and improvement 
of fibrosis(1) in patients with T2D 
(N=103)
Placebo 800 mg 1200 mg
3% 24% 29%
7% 21% 31%
7% 24% 33%
lanifibranor
(1) ) Resolution of MASH and improvement of fibrosis at week 24: NAS -I = 0 or 1, NAS-B = 0 and an improvement of NAS-F ≥ 1 stage
Phase 3 
primary 
endpoint
14% 
effect size*
24%
effect size*
<0.001*0.017*
24% 28% 42%
19% 33% 45%
0.011*0.53
<0.001*<0.043*
26%
effect size14%
effect size
18%
effect size
Significant fibrosis improvement versus placebo at only 24 weeks with greater effect size in patients with T2D 
Phase 3 
patient 
population
17% 
effect size*
26%
effect size*
21% 
effect size*
26%
effect size*

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Biomarkers support compelling 
histological findings
Statistically significant, rapid, and sustained biomarker responses at 24 weeks
16
Intra-hepatic Benefits
Liver Health
• Statistically significant decrease in liver enzymes (ALT, AST, GGT), with rapid and 
sustained improvement

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Biomarkers support compelling 
histological findings
Statistically significant, rapid, and sustained biomarker responses at 24 weeks
17
Intra-hepatic Benefits
Liver Health
• Statistically significant decrease in liver enzymes (ALT, AST, GGT), with rapid and 
sustained improvement
Extra-hepatic Benefits
Cardiometabolic Health
• Lipids: Improvements in HDL cholesterol and TGs without a change in LDL cholesterol
• Glycemic Control: Significant reductions in HbA1c + 
• Significant improvements in hepatic and muscular insulin sensitivity
• Decrease in diastolic blood pressure
• Increase in adiponectin levels, with a relative beneficial increase  of  ~2.8x and ~3.5x 
for each dose group

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
NATIVE safety and tolerability profile 
Investigator-reported most-frequent adverse events(1) 
Lanifibranor was purposely 
designed to achieve low-
potency, and balanced PPAR-
α/δ/γ activation to avoid 
receptor dominance and 
associated safety concerns. 
18
Placebo
(N = 81)
800 mg
(N = 83)
1200 mg
(N = 83)
Diarrhea 1 (1%) 8 (10%) 10 (12%)
Fatigue§ 8 (10%) 3 (4%) 11 (13%)
Nausea 3 (4%) 8 (10%) 7 (8%)
Weight gain - 8 (10%) 7 (8%)
Peripheral edema** 2 (2.5%) 5 (6%) 7* (8%)
Drug-related peripheral edema - 2 (2%) 2 (2%)
Headache 4 (5%) 4 (5%) 7 (8%)
Abdominal painỻ 4 (5%) 4 (5%) 5 (6%)
Dizziness 3 (4%) 2 (2%) 6 (7%)
Anemiaǂ - 1 (1%) 6 (7%)
Constipation 6 (7%) 3 (4%) 5 (6%)
Increase in aminotransferase levelᶲ 1 (1%) 5 (6%) 3 (4%)
¶ Adverse events are the ones reported by investigators and include those that occured in more than 5% of patients in either lanifibranor group. 
§ Fatigue included asthenia.
ỻ Abdominal pain included upper and lower abdominal pain. 
** Peripheral edema (bilateral ankle edema): usually mild, in most cases no treatment was required, a few patients received diur etics. 4 cases were considered study drug 
related by the investigator (2 at 800 and 1200 mg each). One case of severe intensity, which resolved by stopping treatment ( lanifibranor 1200mg) for 12 days, without 
reoccurrence when the study treatment was resumed. All were female patients.
ǂ Anemia included iron deficiency anemia and decrease hemoglobin level. 
ᶲ Increase in aminotransferase level included increased in ALT, AST, or abnormal liver function test result.
Approximately 30% of treated 
patients experienced >5% body-
weight increase Less than 
10% of cases reported as 
adverse events by 
investigators. 
Weight gain occurred alongside 
favorable changes in:
 adiponectin
 lipids
 liver enzymes
 liver histology
Pattern consistent with improved 
insulin sensitivity rather than 
adverse metabolic effect.
(1) A Randomized, Controlled Trial of the Pan-PPAR Agonist Lanifibranor in NASH, N Engl J Med 2021;385:1547-1558

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Phase 3 trial fully recruited, 
Designed to be de-risked
Primary Endpoint 
Composite end point of patients having both 
MASH resolution and 1 stage of fibrosis 
improvement.
Key Secondary Endpoints 
MASH resolution and no worsening of 
fibrosis, fibrosis improvement, and no 
worsening of MASH.
GLP-1 Inclusion
Patients under a stable dose of GLP-1-RA 
for at least 3 months prior to screening can 
be included.
 
Statistical Powering 
• 90% considered for sample size 
calculations.
• Stratification by fibrosis stage and 
diabetic status.
• NATiV3 fully recruited with 1,009 patients 
in the main cohort and 410 in the 
exploratory cohort.
19
48 weeks EoT
lanifibranor: 1200 mg once daily
lanifibranor: 800 mg once daily
72 weeks of treatment
lanifibranor: 1200 mg once daily
lanifibranor: 800 mg once daily
Placebo: once daily
N=1009
lanifibranor: 1200 mg once daily
lanifibranor: 800 mg once daily
Placebo: once daily
N=410
Exploratory cohort
Main cohort
Active treatment extension trial
72 weeks of treatment
►All patients who complete the main or 
the exploratory cohort are eligible for the 
Phase 3 active treatment extension trial
EoT, end of treatment; GLP-1, glucagon-like peptide-1; GLP-1-RA, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist; MASH, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis.
* As of October 2025. 
End of 
treatment biopsy
33% 41.3%55%
42%
67.0%
34.8% 14.0%
0.0%NATiV3
N=1009
NATIVE
N=247
Noncirrhotic MASH 
and F2-F3 fibrosis
Screen-failed patients 
from the main cohort 
F1-F4 fibrosis
Phase 3 NATiV3 Clinical Trial
T2D F2 F3 GLP-1 RA

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Next Steps
An accelerated timeline for potential market approval, 
product launch, and commercial partnerships 
20

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Plan to confirm clinical benefit in 
compensated cirrhosis
Preclinical and early clinical 
signals suggest lanifibranor 
may provide a disease-
modifying oral option for 
patients with compensated 
cirrhotic MASH, a high unmet 
need.
21
Planned Regulatory Filing
Accelerated Approval (FDA) and Conditional Approval (EMA) filing 
on Phase 3 histology.
Confirmatory Trial 
Starting outcomes study in patients with compensated cirrhosis 
MASH to confirm clinical benefits: 
• Prevents or reduces associated clinical outcomes: risk of 
decompensation, HCC, liver transplant


Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Lanifibranor targets the core pathophysiology 
underlying both MASH and cACLD
Lanifibranor engages the core drivers of F4 progression:
 PPAR-γ inactivates hepatic stellate cells; restores quiescence
 PPAR-α/δ normalize mitochondrial function and lipid flux; reduce lipotoxic stress
 Adipose–liver axis: ↑ adiponectin → antifibrotic, anti-inflammatory, endothelial benefits
 Broad reduction of systemic inflammation across macrophage and vascular beds
 Portal pressure biology: preclinical models show improved sinusoidal tone and vascular remodeling.
Physiology, not anatomy, drives active progression; reversal is possible
22
F3 F4The cACLD Zone
MASLD
 MASH
(without fibrosis)
MASH
(with fibrosis F1/F2)
MASH
(F3)
MASH + compensated 
cirrhosis (F4CC)
MASH + decompensated 
cirrhosis
Many patients are asymptomatic until later stage, then need critical intervention.
MASH is a major driver of cACLD (compensated advanced chronic liver disease), 
in which patients have advanced fibrosis or cirrhosis but no outward signs of liver failure. 

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Topline data expected in H2 2026, NDA filing expected in 2027
Lanifibranor could be the second oral liver-directed agent for the treatment of MASH  
23
Lanifibranor 
Last patient 
randomized
April 2025
Expected topline 
results
H2 2026
2025 2026 2027 2028
Expected NDA filing 
with FDA
2027
Planned confirmatory 
trial start
2027
Potential market 
rollout 
2028

Property of Inventiva
 Corporate Presentation
Cash runway projected beyond 
Phase 3 readout
24
Commences 
upon launch
2% capped at €92M, 
15-year term
3%, 14-year term
Current Fully 
Diluted Share
193M ordinary 
included in a total of 
313M fully diluted 
Post T3 Fully 
Diluted Share 
(+77M)
390M shares fully 
diluted
CTTQ
Greater China
$265 million in 
additional potential 
milestones.
Low-single-digit 
royalty rate.
Hepalys
Japan, South 
Korea
$231 million in 
additional potential 
milestones.
Mid-double-digit to 
low-20s tiered royalty 
rate.
Shares dilution
Royalty certificates
• Q3 2025 – Cash balance of €122.3M(1)
• Q4 2025 – Follow-on Raise of €149M(2) 
• Q4 2026 and Q1 2027 – Repayment deadline of €65M EIB debt
• Q3 2027 – Assuming exercise of 3rd Tranche of Structure Financing of €116M
Strategic partnerships
Cash runway until the middle of Q3 2027 assuming fully 
exercised T3 upon positive Phase 3 readout(3)
(1) Consisting of Cash and cash equivalents of €97.6 million, and €24.7 million in short-term deposits.
(2) Gross proceeds
(3) The third tranche of up to €116 million would consist of potential proceeds from the exercise of warrants for ordinary shares, at the discretion of investors , following the potential publication of positive 
results in NATiV3 by no later than June 15, 2027. This estimate is based on the Company's current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company, any additional 
expenditures related to other product candidates or resulting from the potential in licensing or acquisition of additional pr oduct candidates or technologies, or any associated development the Company 
may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect, and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.

Property of Inventiva Corporate Presentation
Summary  
25Corporate Presentation | November 2025
Pioneering the Future of MASH
Inventiva has an 
experienced 
management 
team and strong 
financial 
position
Novel 
investigational 
pan-PPAR 
agonist engages 
the core drivers 
of fibrosis 
progression, 
with once-daily 
oral dosing
Phase 2b 
showed 24% 
effect on the 
dual endpoints 
of fibrosis 
regression and 
MASH resolution 
in just 24 weeks
Potential 
expansion 
into later-stage 
patient 
populations with 
high unmet 
medical need
Targeting multi-
billion in potential 
peak sales by 2035 
as MASH market 
expands to >$15 
billion