 
 
 1 
PRESS RELEASE 
Inventiva to Present Scientific Abstracts at AASLD 
The Liver Meeting® 2026 
• Preclinical data showed that balanced PPARα, PPARδ and 
PPARγ activation by lanifibranor affects complementary 
pathways across multiple hepatic cell populations involved in 
fibrosis in MASH pathogenesis 
• Preclinical data and Phase 2b clinical results showed 
lanifibranor improved liver sinusoidal endothelial cell 
alterations and was associated with changes in intrahepatic 
vascular abnormalities across multiple stages of disease 
• Analysis of plasma cell-free DNA (cfDNA) identified 
coordinated epigenetic changes across the PPAR family in 
patients with MASLD, supporting the biological rationale for 
targeting multiple PPAR isoforms 
 
Daix (France), New York City (New York, United States), October 6, 2026 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris 
and NASDAQ: IVA) (“Inventiva” or the “Company”), (“Inventiva” or the “Company”), a clinical-stage 
biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of an oral small molecule therapy for the 
treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), today announced the 
presentation of three abstracts at the upcoming AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2026, to be held from 
November 5-9, 2026, in Denver, Colorado. 
The abstracts provide further characterization of the biological rationale for the balanced pan-PPAR 
approach of lanifibranor, highlighting complementary activities observed across multiple hepatic cell 
populations and pathways implicated in MASH  pathophysiology. Together with the clinical and 
preclinical findings, including metabolic dysfunction, inflammation, fibrosis and liver sinusoidal 
endothelial alterations, these findings provide translational insights into the potential for simultaneous 
engagement of PPARα, PPARδ and PPARγ to address multiple interconnected drivers of MASH 
pathophysiology. 
Lanifibranor is currently being evaluated in the Phase 3 NATiV3 clinical trial for the treatment of 
patients with MASH with moderate and advanced fibrosis, with topline results expected in the fourth 
quarter of this year. 
Details of the Presentations are as Follows:  
Abstract Title: Coordinated Methylation Across PPAR Isoforms in Plasma Cell-free DNA Reflects 
Pathway-wide Epigenetic Dysregulation in MASLD and Supports a Pan-PPAR 
Therapeutic Rationale 
Publication #: 1052 
Presentation Type: Poster 

 
 
 2 
PRESS RELEASE 
Authors: M. Abdelmalek; Soheil Damangir; G. Wettstein; Amin Naghdloo; C. Lu; L. 
Bazargan; H. Amini; A. Diehl 
Date: November 5, 2026 
Abstract Title: Lanifibranor Targets Multiple Hepatic Cell Populations to Reduce Fibrosis 
Through Balanced Pan-PPAR Activation 
Publication #: 3570 
Presentation Type: Poster 
Authors: Guillaume Wettstein; Sander Lefere; Jordi Gracia-Sancho; Frank Tacke; Manal F. 
Abdelmalek; Sven M. Francque 
Date: November 7, 2026 
Abstract Title: Lanifibranor Improved Liver Sinusoidal Endothelial Cell Dysfunction and Vascular 
Alterations Across All Stages From MASH To Cirrhosis 
Publication #: 3552 
Presentation Type: Poster 
Authors: Guillaume Wettstein; Pierre-Emmanuel Rautou; Shivani Chotkoe; Wilhelmus J. 
Kwanten; Valerie Paradis; Jordi Gracia-Sancho; Manal F. Abdelmalek; Sven M. 
Francque 
Date: November 7, 2026 
In addition, Inventiva will be present at the Congress at Booth # 1344. 
 
About Lanifibranor 
Lanifibranor, Inventiva’s lead product candidate, is an orally available small molecule that acts to induce 
antifibrotic, anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all 
three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms, which are well-characterized nuclear 
receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target 
all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner, with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and 
PPARδ, and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two 
PPAR isoforms for activation, lanifibranor is the only pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the 
treatment of MASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile 
contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and preclinical studies 
to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the 
treatment of MASH. Lanifibranor is an investigational medicine and has not been approved for use by any 
regulatory authority. Its safety and efficacy have not been established.  
 
About Inventiva  
Inventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of an 
orally administered small molecule for the treatment of patients with MASH. The Company is currently 
evaluating lanifibranor, a novel pan-PPAR agonist, in the NATiV3 pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial for the 
treatment of adult patients with MASH, a common and progressive chronic liver disease. 
Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: 
IVA, ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). 
https://www.inventivapharma.com 

 
 
 3 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Contacts  
Investor Relations 
David Nikodem: IR@inventivapharma.com 
Media Relations 
Lisa Buffington: media@inventivapharma.com 
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “seek,” 
“estimate,” “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “designed,” “hope,” “target,” “potential,” “opportunity,” “possible,” 
“aim,” and “continue” or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other 
than statements of historical fact, included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements 
include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the potential therapeutic benefit of lanifibranor, the expected 
availability and timing of results from NATiV3, the timing of potential regulatory submissions, approvals and 
commercialization of lanifibranor, Inventiva’s cash resources and expenses and ability to obtain additional financial 
resources, including assumptions and conditions relating thereto with, and Inventiva's future activities, expectations, 
plans, growth and prospects. Although Inventiva’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such 
forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that such forward -looking information and 
statements are subject to various risks, contingencies and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and 
generally beyond the control of Inventiva, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from 
those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward -looking information and statements. These risks, 
contingencies and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties inherent in research and development, clinical 
data and analysis and decisions by regulatory authorities, such as the FDA or the EMA, regarding whether and when to 
approve any product candidates, as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the 
availability or commercial potential of such product candidates; Inventiva’s reliance on licensors, collaborators, contract 
research organizations, suppliers and other business partners; Inventiva’s ability to achieve milestones; Inventiva’s 
ability to obtain adequate financing to fund its operations and continue as a going concern, including Inventiva’s ability 
to enter into potential transactions on the expected timing or at all, Inventiva’s ability to comply with and satisfy the 
terms and conditions of its financing documents and whether, when and to what extent the securities issued in the Debt 
Financing and other dilutive instruments, including the Tranche 3 warrants, may be exercised; Inventiva’s ability to 
execute on its strategy, including with respect to commercialization, marketing and manufacturing; potential negative 
impacts on Inventiva from changes in laws and regulations, unfavorable conditions in its industry, geopolitical events, 
and ongoing conflicts, health epidemics, and macroeconomic conditions, including developments in international trade 
policies, global inflation, financial and credit market fluctuations, tariffs and other trade barriers, and the other risks 
and uncertainties described in Inventiva’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended on December 31, 2025 
filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 8, 2026, Inventiva’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year 
ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC on April 8, 2026 and Inventiva’s Half-Year Report for the fiscal period 
ended June 30, 2026, filed on Form 6-K on September 28, 2026 including those described under the caption "Risk 
Factors", and in future filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only 
as of the date on which they were made. Inventiva disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, 
forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that Inventiva becomes aware of, except as required by law. 