   
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
  Inventiva will present data from the final analysis of the 
Phase 2 study evaluating the combination of lanifibranor 
with empagliflozin in patients with MASH and T2D at the 
AASLD The Liver Meeting® late-breaker session  
 
► Data will be presented on Monday, November 18th as a late breaker poster at the 
American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) The Liver Meeting® 
2024 in San Diego. 
 
► LEGEND achieved its primary efficacy endpoint by significantly lowering HbA1c 
level in both the lanifibranor arm and in the lanifibranor with empagliflozin arm 
compared to placebo. 
 
► 50% percent of patients saw their HbA1c levels below 6.5% at week 24 following 
treatment with lanifibranor alone or in combination with empagliflozin. 
 
► 58% of patients on lanifibranor alone and 80% of those on the combination therapy 
had a decrease of at least 1% in HbA1c at week 24, compared to 0% in the placebo 
group. 
 
► Liver function tests, markers of liver fibrosis and markers or cardiometabolic health 
including HOMA-IR, hsCRP, ferritin, lipid profile and adiponectin levels were also 
improved with lanifibranor alone or in combination with empagliflozin. 
 
► The weight gain observed in a proportion of patients under lanifibranor was not 
observed in patients treated with the combination of lanifibranor with 
empagliflozin.  
 
 
Daix (France), Long Island City (New York, United States), November 15, 2024 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and 
Nasdaq: IVA), a clinical- stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development  of oral small molecule 
therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction -associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), also known as non -
alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”), and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs , today announced 
the presentation of the final analysis of LEGEND, Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trial, evaluating lanifibranor in 
combination with empagliflozin in patients with MASH  and Type 2 Diabetes  (T2D). The data will be  presented 
Monday November 18, 2024, as a late breaker poster at the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases 
(AASLD) The Liver Meeting®, taking place in San Diego California.   
 
Dr. Michael Cooreman, Chief Medical Officer of Inventiva, stated: “We are pleased to present the results of our 
LEGEND study at The Liver Meeting. We believe that the results on the combination of lanifibranor with 
empagliflozin not only confirm the benefits of lanifibranor as a monotherapy for patients with MASH and type 2 
diabetes but also support a treatment paradigm for combination therapy for this patient population.” 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
2 
  
Dr. Nezam (“Nid”) Afdhal, Chief of Gastroenterology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Professor of 
Medicine, Harvard Medical School, said: “It is frequently overlooked that MASH is a liver manifestation of insulin 
resistance. The exciting new data from the LEGEND study, which evaluates the combination of lanifibranor and 
empagliflozin, confirms that lanifibranor has the potential to target th e underlying biology of the disease. 
Additionally, LEGEND should alleviate  the concerns about weight gain, as th is can be managed with sGLT2 
inhibitors or other treatments like GLP-1 agonists, which are treatments of choice for T2D management.”  
The Phase 2, LEGEND, included patients with MASH and T2D with a Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) between 7-10% at 
screening. The trial was double -blind for lanifibranor and placebo, but open -label for the combination of 
lanifibranor and empagliflozin.  
 
The study met the primary efficacy endpoint  of HbA1c improvement with both treatment groups  and patients 
treated with lanifibranor-only and in combination with empagliflozin showed a significant reduction in their HbA1c 
levels, with 50% of patients reaching an HbA1c under 6.5% by week 24 (p<0.001).  Additionally, 58% of patients 
on lanifibranor alone and 80% of those on the combination therapy had a decrease of at least 1% in HbA1c  at 
week 24, compared to 0% in the placebo group.  
 
In addition, patients treated with lanifibranor alone and in combination with empagliflozin showed significant 
improvement in hepatic steatosis, -49% and -41% respectively, measured by Magnetic resonance imaging-proton 
density fat fraction (MRI-PDFF), as well as the composite MASH activity and fibrosis measured with cT1, -86 and -
75 ms respectively.  
 
Furthermore, adiponectin levels increased by a mean of 3 -fold in patients with T2D and MASH treated with 
lanifibranor (p=0.009) and lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin  (p=0.004) compared to no increase 
measured in patients under placebo. 
 
Regarding weight, the lanifibranor-only group saw a small increase of 3.6%, while the weight remained stable in 
the group on lanifibranor and empagliflozin. Importantly, the ratio of visceral abdominal fat to subcutaneous fat 
decreased in both groups of patients treated with lanifibranor alone or in combination with empagliflozin (-5 and 
-18% respectively compared to +2% in the placebo group) , reflecting a shift from pro -inflammatory visceral fat 
towards metabolically healthy adipose tissue 
Liver function tests (ALT, AST, GGT) and markers of liver fibrosis (TIMP -1, P3NP, Pro -C3) improved with 
lanifibranor, whether used alone or in combination with empagliflozin. Other cardiometabolic health markers, 
such as insulin sensitivity (HOMA -IR), inflammation (hs -CRP), ferritin, glycemia, and lipid levels (HDL -C, 
triglycerides), also showed improvement in both treatment groups. 
 
The details of the presentations are as follows: 
 
Abstract title Combination therapy of lanifibranor with empagliflozin: metabolic improvement in 
patients with Metabolic Dysfunction -Associated Steatohepatitis (MASH) and Type- 2 
Diabetes (T2D)   
Publication number 5040 
Authors Michelle Lai, Onno Holleboom, Lucile Dzen, Philippe Huot-Marchand, Jean-Louis 
Junien, Pierre Broqua, Louis Griffel, Sanjay Patel, Michael P Cooreman. 
Date and time  Monday, November 18th 8:00AM-5:00PM PST 
 
Inventiva will exhibit from Saturday November 16, through Monday November 18th at booth #1445.  
 
 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
3 
  
About Inventiva  
 
Inventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small 
molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH/NASH and other diseases with significant unmet 
medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds 
targeting nuclear receptors, transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one 
clinical candidate, has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development 
opportunities to add to its pipeline. 
 
Inventiva’s lead product candidate, lanifibranor, is currently in a pivotal Phase 3  clinical trial, NATiV3, for the 
treatment of adult patients with MASH/NASH, a common and progressive chronic liver disease. 
 
Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil, a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part 
of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor, it suspended its clinical efforts 
relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva 
is also in the process of selecting a candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program. 
 
The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology, 
medicinal and computational chemistry, pharmacokinetics and pharmacology, and clinical development. It owns 
an extensive library of approximately 240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules, approximately 60% of which 
are proprietary, as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.  
 
Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA, ISIN: 
FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com 
 
 
Contacts  
 
Inventiva 
Pascaline Clerc 
EVP, Strategy and Corporate Affairs 
media@inventivapharma.com 
+1 202 499 8937 
Brunswick Group 
Tristan Roquet Montegon / 
Aude Lepreux / 
Julia Cailleteau 
Media relations 
inventiva@brunswickgroup.com 
+33 1 53 96 83 83 
ICR Healthcare  
Patricia L. Bank 
Investor relations 
   patti.bank@westwicke.com 
   +1 415 513-1284 
      
 
Important Notice 
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included 
in this press release are forward-looking statements.  
These statements include, but are not limited to, forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s  pre-clinical 
programs and clinical trials, including design, duration, timing, recruitment costs, screening and enrollment for 
those trials, including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial with lanifibranor in MASH/NASH, clinical trial data 
releases and publications, the information, insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials, the 
potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates, including lanifibranor, potential regulatory 
submissions, approvals and commercialization, Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans, 
the expected benefit of having received Breakthrough Therapy Designation, including its impact on the 
development and review timeline of Inventiva’s product candidates, the potential development of and regulatory 
pathway for odiparcil, and future activities, expectations, plans, growth and prospects of Inventiva and its 
partners. Certain of these statements, forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as, 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
4 
 without limitation, “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “will”, 
“would”, “could”, “might”, “should”, “designed”, “hopefully”, “target”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “possible”, 
“aim”, and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements 
of future expectations and other forward- looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These 
statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and 
unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results, performance, or future events to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon 
factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates 
that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline, that future clinical trials will be initiated 
as anticipated, that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals, or that any of the 
anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline, or at all. Future 
results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by such statements, forecasts and estimates, due to a number of factors, including that 
Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) 
on enrollment or the ultimate impact on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect 
thereto, that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues, 
Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception, Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never 
generated any revenue from product sales, Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations, in the 
absence of which, Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of its research 
or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business 
opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern, Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing and to 
enter into potential transactions, Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development, 
regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates, preclinical 
studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its 
partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims, Inventiva's 
expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require holds 
and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials, Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development 
plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH/NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a 
New Drug Application, Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their 
clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities, the 
ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies, enrollment and retention of 
patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered 
impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control, Inventiva's product candidates may 
cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or preve nt their regulatory approval, or 
limit their commercial potential, Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business, 
and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines, its financial condition and results of 
operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events, such as the conflict between Russia 
and Ukraine and related sanctions, impacts and potential impacts on the initiation, enrollment and completion of 
Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the state of war between Israel and Hamas 
and the related risk of a larger conflict, health epidemics, and macroeconomic conditions, including global 
inflation, rising interest rates, uncertain financial  markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks 
and uncertainties, no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements, 
forecasts, and estimates. Furthermore, forward-looking statements, forecasts and estimates only speak as of the 
date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward- looking 
statements.  
Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Autorité 
des Marchés Financiers on April 3, 2024, and the Annual Report on Form 20 -F for the year ended December 31, 
2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3, 2024. Other risks and uncertainties of which 
Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and 
the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the 
date of the release. Except as required by law, Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
5 
 review the forward- looking statements referred to above. Consequently, Inventiva accepts no liability for any 
consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements. 