     PRESS RELEASE 
G    
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
Inventiva to Present Abstracts 
at the EASL Congress 2026 
  
 
Daix (France), New York  City (New York, United States) , May 13 , 202 6 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and 
NASDAQ: IVA) ( “Inventiva” or the “Company”), a clinical -stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the 
development of oral therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), 
today announced the presentation of two abstracts at the upcoming annual congress of the European 
Association for the Study of the Liver, EASL Congress 2026, to be held from May 27 to 30, 2026 in Barcelona. 
 
Details of the presentations are as follow: 
 
Abstract title: Lanifibranor-induced improvements in histological parameters and cardiometabolic 
markers in MASH are independent of weight change and closely associated with 
adiponectin induction 
Publication number: FRI-189 
Type of presentation: Poster presentation 
Authors: Mary E Rinella, Guillaume Wettstein, Philippe Huot-Marchand, Jason Campagna, 
Sven Francque, Manal F. Abdelmalek 
Date: May 29, 2026 
 
 
Abstract title: Ultrastructural assessment of liver sinusoidal endothelial cell capillarisation in 
metabolic dysfunction -associated steatotic liver disease and its modulation by 
lanifibranor 
Publication number: SAT-117-YI 
Type of presentation: Poster presentation 
Authors: Shivani Chotkoe, Guillaume Wettstein, Joris De Man, Sofie Thys, Isabel Pintelon, 
Yang Lu, Nateneal Beyene, Jean-Louis Junien, Denise van der Graaff, Benedicte De 
Winter, Winnok H. De Vos, Luisa Vonghia, Wilhelmus J. Kwanten, Sven M. Francque 
Date: May 30, 2026 
 
 
In addition, Inventiva will be present at the Congress at booth No. 35. 
 
About Lanifibranor 
 
Lanifibranor, Inventiva's most advanced drug candidate, is an orally administered small molecule whose 
mechanism of action consists of inducing antifibrotic, anti -inflammatory effects as well as beneficial vascular 
and metabolic changes by activating all three -peroxisome proliferator -activated receptor ("PPAR") isoforms. 
PPARs are well-characterized nuclear receptors that regulate gene transcription. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist 
designed to activate all three PPAR isoforms in a moderate and equipotent manner, with balanced activation of 
PPARα and PPARδ, and partial activation of PPARγ. While other PPAR agonists exist that target one or two PPAR 
isoforms, lanifibranor is the only pan-PPAR agonist currently in clinical development. The Company believes that 
lanifibranor's moderate and balanced pan -PPAR modulator profile also contributes to the favorable safety and 
tolerability profile that has been observed in the clinical trials and preclinical studies in which it has been 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
evaluated. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted lanifibranor both Breakthrough Therapy 
and Fast Track designations for the treatment of MASH. 
 
About Inventiva  
 
Inventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of  an orally 
administered small molecule for the treatment of patients with MASH . The Company is currently evaluating 
lanifibranor, a novel pan -PPAR agonist, in  the NATiV3 pivotal Phase  3 clinical trial for the treatment of adult 
patients with MASH, a common and progressive chronic liver disease. 
 
Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA, 
ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). 
http://www.inventivapharma.com 
 
Contacts  
 
Investor Relations 
David Nikodem: IR@inventivapharma.com 
Patricia L. Bank: patti.bank@icrhealthcare.com 
Media Relations 
Pascaline Clerc: media@inventivapharma.com 
Alexis Feinberg: inventivapr@icrhealthcare.com 
 
 
 
 