   
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
  Inventiva to Present Multiple Abstracts at AASLD The Liver 
Meeting® 2025 
 
►Presentation of a comparison between digital and glass slide histology 
from screening biopsies in the Phase 3 NATiV3 study 
► Presentation of digital pathology data from preclinical studies with  
lanifibranor 
 
Daix (France), New York  City (New York, United States), October 7, 2025  -  Inventiva (Euronext Paris and 
NASDAQ: IVA) (“Inventiva” or the “Company”), a clinical- stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the 
development of oral therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction -associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), 
today announced  four abstracts presentations at the upcoming Annual American Association for the Study of 
Liver Diseases (AASLD) The Liver Meeting® 2025 being held November 7 to 11, 2025 in Washington, DC.  
 
Details of the presentations are as follow: 
 
Abstract title Comparison of digital images versus glass slides for the histopathological evaluation 
of liver biopsy samples according to the NASH -CRN scoring system for MASH: A 
validation performed as part of the NATiV3 study 
Type of presentation  Poster  
Publication number 2019 
Authors C. Lackner, Z. Goodman, D. Tiniakos, P. Hytiroglou, A. Sanyal, S. Francque, P. Huot-
Marchand, L. Dzen, B. Noel, P. Broqua, M. Baudin, M. Cooreman, L. Griffel 
Date   November 8, 2025 - 1:00 PM – 2:00 PM ET 
 
 
Abstract title Continuous Digital Pathology Scoring Reveals Fibrosis Reversal and Therapeutic 
Benefit of Lanifibranor Beyond Phase 2 Signals: Insights from preclinical Rodent 
Models 
Type of presentation  Poster  
Publication number 3342 
Authors Guillaume Wettstein, Reethika Chokkakula, Mathieu Petitjean, Pierre Broqua, 
Michael Cooreman, 
Date  November 9, 2025  
 
 
Abstract title High-Resolution Digital Pathology Demonstrates Antifibrotic and Anti -inflammatory 
Effects of Lanifibranor in Therapeutic Interventions Using TAA -induced Cirrhotic 
Rodent Models 
Type of presentation  Poster  
Publication number 3348 
Authors Guillaume Wettstein, Reethika Chokkakula, Mathieu Petitjean, Pierre Broqua, 
Michael Cooreman, 
Date  November 9, 2025 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
2 
  
Abstract title Combining Digital Pathology and Biomarkers Offer a Translational Framework to 
Quantify Fibrosis and Lanifibranor Treatment Response in a TAA -Induced Cirrhosis 
Model 
Type of presentation  Poster  
Publication number 3347 
Authors Reethika Chokkakula, Guillaume Wettstein, Mathieu Petitjean, Michael Cooreman, 
Pierre Broqua 
Date November 9, 2025 
 
Additionally, Inventiva will be exhibiting at booth #745. 
 
 
About lanifibranor  
 
Lanifibranor, Inventiva’s lead product candidate, is an orally available small molecule that acts to induce anti-
fibrotic, anti- inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three 
peroxisome proliferator- activated receptor (“PPAR”) isofor ms, which are well- characterized nuclear receptor 
proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR 
isoforms in a moderately potent manner, with a well- balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ, a nd a partial 
activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation, 
lanifibranor is the only pan -PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of MASH. Inventiva believes 
that lanifibrano r’s moderate and balanced pan -PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability 
profile that has been observed in clinical trials and preclinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough 
Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH.   
 
 
About Inventiva  
 
Inventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small 
molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH. The Company is currently evaluating lanifibranor, a 
novel pan-PPAR agonist, in the NATiV3 pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of adult patients with MASH, 
a common and progressive chronic liver disease.   
 
Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA, ISIN: 
FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). 
http://www.inventivapharma.com  
 
 
 
Contacts  
 
Inventiva 
Pascaline Clerc 
EVP, Strategy and Corporate Affairs 
media@inventivapharma.com 
+1 202 499 8937 
ICR Healthcare 
Alexis Feinberg  
Media Relations 
inventivapr@icrhealthcare.com 
+1 203 939 2225 
 
 
ICR Healthcare 
Patricia L. Bank 
Investor Relations 
   patti.bank@icrhealthcare.com    
  +1 415 513 1284 
 
Important Notice 
 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
3 
 This press release contains certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions 
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, 
included in this press rel ease are forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, 
Inventiva’s clinical trials, including Inventiva’s ongoing NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial of lanifibranor in MASH, 
including related timing and regulatory matters, Inventiva’s pipeline development plans, the clinical development 
of and regulatory plans and pathway for lanifibranor, and future activities, expectations, plans, growth and 
prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements, forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words 
such as, without limitation, “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, 
“will”, “would”, “could”, “might”, “should”, “designed”, “hopefully”, “target”, “potential”, “possible”, “aim”, and 
“continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future 
expectations and other forward- looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements 
reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties that could cause future results, performance, or future events to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors 
that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to product candidates that the clinical 
trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline, that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated, 
that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals, or that any of the anticipated milestones 
by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline, or at all. Future results may turn out to be 
materially different from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
statements, forecasts and estimates due to a number of factors, including that interim data or data from any 
interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials may not be predictive of future trial results, the recommendation of the 
DMC may not be indicative of a potential marketing approval, Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts 
of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reacti on on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory 
matters with respect thereto, that Inventiva is a clinical -stage company with no approved products and no 
historical product revenues, Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception, Inventiva has never generated 
any revenue from product sales, Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations, in the absence 
of which, Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of its research or 
development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities 
and may be unable to continue as a going concern, Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing, to enter into potential 
transactions, Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development, regulatory approval 
and subsequent commercialization of lanifibranor, preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily 
predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's 
and its partners’ product candidate claims, Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to 
be wrong and regulatory authorities may require additional holds and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials, 
Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH 
may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application, Inventiva’s ability to identify 
additional products or product candidates with significant commercial potential, Inventiva’s expectations with 
respect to its pipeline prioritization plan and related workforce reduction, including whether the plan will be 
implemented and the timing, potential benefits, expenses and consequences relating thereto, Inventiva’s ability to 
execute on its commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy, Inventiva’s ability to 
successfully cooperate with existing partners or enter into new partnerships, and to fulfill its obligations under any 
agreements entered into in connection with such partnerships, the benefits of its existing and future partnerships 
on the clinical development, regulatory approvals and, if approv ed, commercialization of its product candidates, 
and the achievement of milestones thereunder and the timing thereof, Inventiva and its partners may encounter 
substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and  efficacy to the 
satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities, the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain 
patients in clinical studies, enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming 
process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its 
partners’ control, Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that 
could delay or prevent their regul atory approval, or limit their commercial potential, Inventiva faces substantial 
competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business, and pre-clinical studies and clinical development programs 
and timelines, its financial condition and results of operat ions could be materially and adversely affected by 

 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
4 
 changes in law and regulations, unfavorable conditions in its industry, geopolitical events, such as the conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions, the conflict in the Middle East and the related risk of a larger 
conflict, health epidemics, and macroeconomic conditions, including developments in international trade policies, 
global inflation, financial and credit market fluctuations, tariffs and other trade barriers, political turmoil and 
natural catastrophes, uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems, and the vote of Inventiva’s 
shareholders. The review of potential financial and strategic options may not result in any particular action or 
transaction being pursued, entered into or consummated, and there is no assurance as to the timing, sequence or 
outcome of any action or transaction or serie s of actions or transactions . Given these risks and uncertainties, no 
representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward- looking statements, forecasts, and 
estimates. Furthermore, forward- looking statements, forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this 
press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.   
 
Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the Autorité 
des Marchés Financiers on April 15, 2025, and the Annual Report on Form 20 -F for the year ended December 31, 
2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 15, 2025 for other risks and 
uncertainties affecting Inventiva, including those described under the caption “Risk Factors” and in future filings 
with the SEC. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-
looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to di ffer materially from those 
anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law, Inventiva 
has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. 
Consequently, Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above 
statements. 
 