 
 
pg. 1 
PRESS RELEASE 
Inventiva Announces Last Patient Visit in NATiV3 
Phase 3 Clinical Trial of Lanifibranor in MASH 
• Last patient  completed final 72 -week visit in NATiV3, with 1,009 
patients enrolled in the main cohort and 410 patients in the exploratory 
cohort 
• Topline results of NATiV3 expected in Q4 2026 
• September investor conference  participation and timing of H1 2026  
financial results update  
Daix (France), New York (New York, United States), September 2nd, 2026 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris 
and Nasdaq: IVA) (“Inventiva” or the “Company”), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused 
on the development of  an oral small molecule therap y for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction -
associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), today announced the last patient has completed their fina l 72-
week visit in the NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of patients with 
MASH with moderate and advanced fibrosis.  
NATiV3 enrolled 1,009 adults with biopsy -proven non -cirrhotic MASH and F2/F3 fibrosis, with an 
additional 410 patients enrolled in an exploratory cohort. With the last patient having completed their 
final visit, all patients have completed the 72-week treatment period.  
Inventiva expects to report topline results from NATiV3 in the fourth quarter of 2026 , as previously 
communicated. If the results are favorable, the Company anticipates regulatory submission in the first 
half of 2027 and is preparing for a potential U.S. launch of lanifibranor in 2028, subject to FDA approval.  
Andrew Obenshain, Chief Executive Officer, Inventiva: “Our ambition is to develop a treatment that can 
make a meaningful difference for patients, and reaching last patient, last visit in NATiV3 is an important 
milestone for Inventiva and for the development of lanifibranor in noncirrhotic MASH . We are deeply 
grateful to the patients who participated in the study and to the investigators and clinical teams who 
led its execution alongside our dedicated Inventiva team . We now look forward to topline results later 
this year.”  
Prof. Arun Sanyal, M.D., Director of the Stravitz-Sanyal Institute for Liver Disease and Metabolic Health, 
Virginia Commonwealth University and co -principal in vestigator of NATiV3, stated:  "Having been 
involved in the clinical program of lanifibranor over the years, it is particularly meaningful to see the last 
patient complete their final visit in this important Phase 3 trial. Given the significant unmet need in 
MASH, where many patients continue to face limited treatment options and the burden of a progressive 
disease, and the positive results observed in the NATIVE Phase 2b trial , I am looking forward to the 
topline read-out of the NATiV3 trial and the potential for lanifibranor to become a leading treatment for 
MASH.” 
 
Prof. Sven Francque, M.D., Ph.D., Professor of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the University of 
Antwerp and co -principal investigator of NATiV3, stated : “ The completion of NATiV3 marks an 
important milestone for the MASH field and for the development of next -generation PPAR therapies. 
Lanifibranor’s pan-PPAR mechanism has the potential to address the complexity of MASH disease, by 
working on the interconnected  pathways through both intrahepatic and extrahepatic effects.  The 
NATIVE Phase 2b results provided compelling clinical evidence of the potential of this broad mechanism, 
with improvements in both MASH and fibrosis. I very much look forward to the NATiV3 topline results.” 
 

 
 
pg. 2 
PRESS RELEASE 
NATiV3 is a randomized, double -blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate the long -
term efficacy and safety of lanifibranor (800mg/daily and 1200mg/daily) in 1009 adult patients with 
biopsy-proven non-cirrhotic MASH and F2/F3 stage of li ver fibrosis. The effect of lanifibranor  will be 
assessed on several histological endpoints, including MASH resolution and improvement of fibrosis of at 
least one stage after 72 weeks of treatment. An exploratory cohort has enrolled 410 patients with MASH 
and F1 through F4 stage of liver fibrosis. Following completion of the 72-week treatment period, patients 
participating in NATiV3 had the option to continue into a 48-week open-label extension period, during 
which all patients, including those originally randomized to placebo, receive active treatment with 
lanifibranor. This extension will provide additional information on the longer-term safety of lanifibranor. 
September Investor Conference Participation 
Inventiva leadership will be participating in the following healthcare conferences in September , 
presentation details are as follows:   
Conference:  Morgan Stanley 24th Annual Global Healthcare Conference  
Fireside Chat with Andrew Obenshain, CEO, and Jason Campagna, President of R&D 
and CMO 
Date:  September 15, 2026 
Time: 4:50 – 5:25 pm ET 
 
 
Conference:  Stifel 2026 Virtual Cardiometabolic Forum  
Fireside Chat with Andrew Obenshain, CEO, Jason Campagna, President of R&D and 
CMO and Axel-Sven Malkomes, CFO 
Date:  Wednesday, September 30, 2026 
 
 
Conference:  Jefferies Healthcare C-Suite "Back to School" Series 2026 
Fireside Chat with Andrew Obenshain, CEO, Jason Campagna, President of R&D and 
CMO and Axel-Sven Malkomes, CFO 
Date:  Wednesday, September 30, 2026 
Time: 10:00 – 11:00 am ET 
 
Next Financial Results Publication 
The Company also provided updated timing for financial results for the first half of 2026: Monday 
September 28, 2026 revised from the previously disclosed date of Friday, September 25, 2026.  
Inventiva’s management will hold a conference call in English, followed by a Q&A session, on Monday, 
September 28, 2026, at 8:00 am (New York), 2:00 pm (Paris). Participants wishing to join the conference 
call by phone and ask questions must register in advance here. Upon registration, participants will 
receive dial-in details by email. The live webcast may be accessed on the Events section of the Inventiva 
website. A replay of the conference call will be available after the event on the Company’s website. 
 
About Lanifibranor 
Lanifibranor, Inventiva’s lead product candidate, is an orally available small molecule that acts to 
induce antifibrotic, anti -inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by 
activating all three peroxisome proliferator -activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms, which are well -
characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist 

 
 
pg. 3 
PRESS RELEASE 
that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner, with a well-balanced 
activation of PPARα and PPARδ, and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists 
that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation, lanifibranor  is the only pan -PPAR agonist in 
clinical development for the treatment of MASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor ’s moderate and 
balanced pan -PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been 
observed in clinical trials and preclinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy 
and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH. Lanifibranor is an investigational 
medicine and has not been approved for use by any regulatory authority. Its safety and efficacy have 
not been established. 
About Inventiva  
Inventiva is a clinical -stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of 
an orally administered small molecule for the treatment of patients with MASH. The Company is 
currently evaluating lanifibranor, a novel pan-PPAR agonist, in the NATiV3 pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial 
for the treatment of adult patients with MASH, a common and progressive chronic liver disease.  
Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: 
IVA, ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). 
https://www.inventivapharma.com 
 
Contacts 
Media Relations 
Lisa Buffington: media@inventivapharma.com 
 
Investor Relations 
David Nikodem: IR@inventivapharma.com 
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this press 
release are forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, forecasts and estimates with 
respect to Inventiva’s NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial with lanifibranor in patients with MASH, including the quality of trial 
results, design, duration, timing, costs, and funding, timing of clinical trial data releases and publications, the information, 
insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials, the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor, potential 
regulatory submissions, approvals and commercialization,  Inventiva’s pipeline and development plans, and Inventiva's  
future activities, expectations, plans, growth and prospects. Some of these statements, forecasts, and estimates may be 
identified by the use of words such as, without limitation, “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “seek,” 
“estimate,” “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “designed,” “hope,” “target,” “potential,” “opportunity,” “possible,” “aim,” 
and “continue” and other similar expressions. These statements are not historical facts, but rather statements of future 
expectations and other forw ard-looking statements based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect the 
opinions and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and 
uncertainties that could cause future results, performance, or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied 
in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend on factors beyond Inventiva's control. There 
can be no guarantee, with respect to product candidates, that clinical trial results will be available on schedule, that 
future clinical trials will be initiated as planned, that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals, 
or that the milestones planned by Inventiva or its partners will be achieved on schedule, or even at all. Future results may 
differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these 
statements, forecasts, and estimates due to a number of facto rs, including the fact that interim data or data from any 
interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials do not predict the future results of clinical trials, the fact that the DMC's 
recommendation does not prejudge any eventual marketing authorization, that Inventiva cannot provide assurance on  
the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) on recruitment or the final impact on the 
results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or related regulatory issues, Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved 
products and no historical revenue, Inventiva  has incurred significant losses since its inception, Inventiva  has never 

 
 
pg. 4 
PRESS RELEASE 
generated revenue from product sales, Inventiva  will need additional capital to fund its operations, without which 
Inventiva may be required to significantly reduce its activities, delay or discontinue one or more of its research or 
development programs, expand its activities or capitalize on its business opportunities, and may not be able to continue 
as a going concern. Inventiva's ability to obtain financing and complete potential transactions on a timely basis, as well 
as whether, when, and to what extent dilutive instruments may be exercised and by which holders, Inventiva's  future 
success depends on the successful clinical development, regulatory approvals, and subsequent commercialization of 
lanifibranor, preclinical studies or previous clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and the results of 
Inventiva's and its partners' clinical trials may not support Inventiva's  and its partners' claims regarding product 
candidates, Inventiva's expectations regarding its clinical trials may prove to be incorrect, and regulatory authorities may 
require additional stops and/or modifications to Inventiva's  clinical trials. Inventiva's expectations regarding the clinical 
development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a 
New Drug Application, Inventiva's ability to implement its commercialization, marketing, and manufacturing capabilities 
and strategy, Inventiva's ability to successfully cooperate with its existing partners or enter into new partnerships, and 
to fulfil its obligations under any agreements entered into in connection with such partnerships, the benefits of its current 
and future partnerships on the cl inical development, regulatory approvals, and, if applicable, commercialization of its 
product candidates, as well as the achievement of milestones and timelines anticipated in connection with such 
partnerships, Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or 
fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the applicable regulatory authorities, the ability of Inventiva 
and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies, the recruitment and retention of patients in clinical trials 
is a costly and time -consuming process that could be made more difficult or impossible by multiple factors beyond the 
control of Inventiva and its partners, Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse reactions or have other properties 
that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, or limit their commercial potential, Inventiva  faces significant 
competition, and Inventiva's  activities, preclinical studies, and clinical development programs, as well as timelines, 
Inventiva's financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by changes in laws 
and regulations, adverse conditions in its industry, geopolitical events, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
and the resulting sanctions, the conflict in the Middle East and the related risk of a wider conflict and ongoing conflicts, 
epidemics, and macroeconomic conditions, including changes in international trade policies, global inflation, fluctuations 
in financial and credit markets, customs duties and other trade barriers, political unrest and natural disasters, uncertain 
financial markets, and disruptions in banking systems. In light of these risks and uncertainties, no representation is made 
as to the accuracy or completeness of these forward-looking statements, forecasts, and estimates. Furthermore, forward-
looking statements, forecasts, and estimates are only valid as of the date of th is press release. Readers are cautioned 
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31, 2025  filed with the Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers on April 8, 2026, and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with 
the SEC on April 8, 2026 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva, including those described under the caption 
"Risk Factors", and in future filings with the SEC. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva  is not currently aware 
may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially 
from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as requi red by law, 
Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward -looking statements referred to 
above. Consequently, Inventiva  accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above 
statements. 
 
 